Add task notes section to rerunning DAGs (#1640)
astronomer/docs: learn/rerunning-dags.md

![Clear DAG Status](/img/guides/clear_dag_ui.png)

### Add notes to cleared tasks and DAGs

> As of Airflow 2.5, you can manually add notes to task instances and DAG runs from the Grid View in the Airflow UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Airflow 2.5, you can add notes to task instances and DAG runs from the **Grid View** in the Airflow UI. 
```

> As of Airflow 2.5, you can manually add notes to task instances and DAG runs from the Grid View in the Airflow UI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of Airflow 2.5, you can add notes to task instances and DAG runs from the **Grid View** in the Airflow UI. This feature is useful for tracking manual changes to task instances, such as reruns or task status changes. Astronomer recommends leaving a note on a task or DAG whenever you manually update a task instance through the Airflow UI.
```

> 
> ![Add task note](/img/guides/2_5_task_notes.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To add a note to a task instance or DAG run:

1.  Go to the **Grid View** of the Airflow UI.
2. Select a task instance or DAG run.
3. Click **Details** > **Task Instance Notes** or **DAG Run notes** > *Add Note**
4. Write a note and click **Save Note**

![Add task note](/img/guides/2_5_task_notes.png)
```

@kentdanas Are these steps correct?

Author: Yep!

> Task instances and DAG runs with notes are indicated with a grey corner in the Grid View. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a task instance or DAG run has a note, its grid box is marked with a grey corner. 
```

> This feature is useful for tracking and maintaining visibility of manual changes made to task instances such as rerunning or changing the task status. We recommend utilizing this feature any time task or DAG statuses are altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is useful for tracking manual changes to task instances, such as reruns or task status changes. Astronomer recommends leaving a note on a task or DAG whenever you manually update it through the Airflow UI.
```

Reviewer 2: ^Opted for keeping our recommendation up top prior to instructions on how to do it
